[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart attention because 3 a bombshell you already
know that the trial of
Rosario Mohedano was approaching with the
television factory well not exactly with Rosario
Mohedano rather I think it was with her
husband but we have news and it is that
apparently the bosses of the
television factory have managed to suspend the trial
that they had with Rosario
Mohedano's husband for the alleged crime of
discovery and revelation of a secret
what does suspend mean well when
a trial is suspended it has to be because
one of the parties the party that is
interested in the trial being suspended
sometimes there are
times neither of the parties is
interested in the trial being suspended
because they believe that they are completely
prepared but in other cases well it could be
because there is a lack of material a lack of evidence a
lack of witnesses still on the date of the
trial that is not enough for it to be
imagine for example
a trial was suspended for me because a
court order was requested from a company and
that evidence had not yet arrived so
we asked for the trial to be suspended
because that evidence was important okay
There are other occasions in which
requests are made for the trial to be suspended,
clinging to any excuse to
prolong the process, okay, because they are
afraid of what the result may be,
so on this occasion, obviously,
after so many years, after so many
things, I don't know what exactly the
excuse they have used is, but whatever it is,
the judge has admitted it to suspend the
trial. This does not mean that the
trial is cancelled. This means that I
know that it will be done later, that it is
temporarily suspended until
the situation
that they have requested occurs, which I don't know what it is, I don't
know what it is, I don't know what they have
asked for, we will find out in the
following hours, but it seems to have to do
with Gustavo Males, I don't know
what it is, I think it was
Gustavo who seems to have been involved
with the information that was
handled about Rosario
Mohedano's husband, so it seems that they have
asked for something that they don't have yet, I don't
know, I don't know, but whatever it is, we will find out. Here
we have a tweet from Mike to the
directors of Sálvame, they have again
suspended the trial of
Rosario Mohedano's husband against them.  for the
alleged crime of discovery and
disclosure of secrets, fear is in the
air, exclusive courtesy
of Francis, no, this, France, and he is a
person, there are many people who believe he is a
lawyer, but I believe he is not a lawyer.
I believe he does things as he does as a
kind of representative, things for
show, in front of the media,
not with Rosario Mohedano, with Carlos, he is
stopped, and
with Vanessa Martin, okay, the criminal trial of
Rosario Mohedano's husband against
five directors of Telecinco has been
suspended for the third time, there you have
the dates in which
the trial should have taken place. The truth is that the trial of La
Marinera should have been in
the summer of 2021, last summer, I don't know
what excuse they gave. It was
postponed until November. In November they
also managed to suspend it and
now in February again. I don't know what is
missing: the Americas,
investigation into taxation and corruption,
many Gonzalezes who brought down the
management and production team. I don't know, but
Francisco has shared this news in
which they could be
investigating
Gustavo, he tells us they
arrest and prosecute Maria's boyfriend.
lapiedra this is digital journalist here they
put an end you liked it
apparently well Gustavo would have something to do with it
but he also points directly to
other executives of the
TV factory so this could bring
serious problems to the TV factory
watch out careful that this bar and said that
down here it doesn't read you this sailor sailor it
doesn't read you this sailor
hold on tight because there are curves coming
says Rosario Mohedano we are looking forward to
seeing those curves and crashing into
them please Rosario what
happened family I will keep you informed we will
see each other tonight at around eight
thirty or something like that because I have a
meeting at 8 so around eight
thirty things and we will see each other live eight
thirty nine you know eight thirty
nine okay family a hug and we will talk
[Music]